com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/plugin/LoRaBridgeTool.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.plugin.LoRaBridgeTool
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/LoRaBridgeMapComponent.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.LoRaBridgeMapComponent
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/recyclerview/ContactAdapter.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.recyclerview.ContactAdapter
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.recyclerview.ContactAdapter$OnContactClickListener
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.recyclerview.ContactAdapter$ViewHolder
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/plugin/PluginNativeLoader.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.plugin.PluginNativeLoader
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/Database/ChatMessageDao.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.Database.ChatMessageDao
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/Database/ChatMessageEntity.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.Database.ChatMessageEntity
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/LoRaBridgeDropDownReceiver.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.LoRaBridgeDropDownReceiver
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.LoRaBridgeDropDownReceiver$1
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/Database/ChatDatabase.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.Database.ChatDatabase
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/plugin/databinding/ItemMessageBinding.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.plugin.databinding.ItemMessageBinding
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/recyclerview/MessageAdapter.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.recyclerview.MessageAdapter
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.recyclerview.MessageAdapter$ViewHolder
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/plugin/databinding/MainLayoutBinding.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.plugin.databinding.MainLayoutBinding
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/ChatMessage/ChatMessageFactory.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.ChatMessage.ChatMessageFactory
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/plugin/databinding/ItemContactBinding.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.plugin.databinding.ItemContactBinding
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/ChatMessage/ChatMessageManager.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.ChatMessage.ChatMessageManager
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/plugin/databinding/PaneContactsBinding.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.plugin.databinding.PaneContactsBinding
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/recyclerview/RecyclerView.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.recyclerview.RecyclerView
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/plugin/BuildConfig.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.plugin.BuildConfig
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/phy/MessageCodec.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.phy.MessageCodec
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/plugin/databinding/PaneChatBinding.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.plugin.databinding.PaneChatBinding
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/Database/ChatRepository.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.Database.ChatRepository
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/ChatMessage/MySendInterceptor.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.ChatMessage.MySendInterceptor
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/Database/ChatViewModel.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.Database.ChatViewModel
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/recyclerview/RecyclerViewDropDown.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.recyclerview.RecyclerViewDropDown
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/recyclerview/ChatDropDown.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.recyclerview.ChatDropDown
com/atakmap/android/LoRaBridge/plugin/LoRaBridgeLifecycle.java
 com.atakmap.android.LoRaBridge.plugin.LoRaBridgeLifecycle
